Add custom email to chase up teams with single items of kit (#22)
srobo/team-emails: SR2019/2019-05-28-single-item-kit-chase.md

---
to: Teams with outstanding single items of kit
subject: Outstanding kit
---

Hello,

> According to our records, you still have some of our kit. As the competition has ended, we would like this back!

Reviewer: nit: maybe phrase like this?
```suggestion
According to our records, you still have some items from the robot kit you borrowed during the SR2019 competition. As the competition has ended, we would like this back!
```
This provides a bit more context and includes a reminder upfront that the kit was borrowed.

At the end of the competition, we checked your kit in, and some items were missing. Below are the items we require back:

## Missing items

-
-

Please search anywhere you may have worked on your robot for these items. If you are unable to find any of these items, please [let us know](mailto:teams@studentrobotics.org).

## Shipping items

Please insure the kit during shipping and use a courier which supports tracking, to ensure the kit isn't lost.

> Please securely pack the kit and ship it to the address listed on [our website](https://studentrobotics.org/contact/). Once you have dispatched it, please [let us know](mailto:teams@studentrobotics.org). Please ensure your school name is written on the outside of the packaging.

Reviewer: Given the previous questions around which address to use, should we instead ask that items are sent elsewhere? I'd be happy to receive small parcels to my work address for example.

Author: hmm, that might be a good idea actually if that's ok? I assume the address is still:

> 1 Alie Street, Whitechapel, London, E1 8DE

Reviewer: Yup, that's correct.

> Please securely pack the kit and ship it to the address listed on [our website](https://studentrobotics.org/contact/). Once you have dispatched it, please [let us know](mailto:teams@studentrobotics.org). Please ensure your school name is written on the outside of the packaging.

Reviewer: We should ask that they include their TLA on the outside of their packaging, so we know who sent what when it arrives.

---
to: Teams with outstanding single items of kit
subject: Outstanding kit
---

Hello,

According to our records, you still have some items from the robot kit you borrowed during the SR2019 competition. As the competition has ended, we would like this back!

At the end of the competition, we checked your kit in, and some items were missing. Below are the items we require back:

## Missing items

-
-

Please search anywhere you may have worked on your robot for these items. If you are unable to find any of these items, please [let us know](mailto:teams@studentrobotics.org).

## Shipping items

Please insure the kit during shipping and use a courier which supports tracking, to ensure the kit isn't lost.

Please securely pack the kit and ship it to:

> 1 Alie Street, Whitechapel, London, E1 8DE

Reviewer: Just to check -- are you going to add my name & company name to this before sending the email? (I appreciate them not being in git though).

Author: I was wondering this. I wasn't intending to, but I definitely can. I highly suspect that's going to make it easier on your end to receive the items?

Reviewer: Yeah, it's pretty essential that it's got more than just the building address on the parcel. There's several companies in the building, so reception wouldn't be best pleased if they got a bunch of partially addressed parcels.

> Once you have dispatched it, please [let us know](mailto:teams@studentrobotics.org). Please ensure your TLA is written on the outside of the packaging.

Reviewer: D'oh, sorry. I've just noticed that you'd already asked for the school name to be on the outside of the parcel. I don't feel strongly about TLA vs school name.

I do however think it would make sense for the packaging instruction to appear before the after-post instruction. Much as we might hope otherwise, people are likely to do things in the same order as they read them.
